hello it's Ruby and today I am showing
you this study with me which I did after
school on Tuesday as a part of my daily
study with Me's for this week so do stay
tuned for the rest of the week so I
started off by writing some chemistry
notes on thermodynamics I am using this
white lines paper which was actually
sent to me by the company and I have
been loving it recently I've been using
it to take all of my chemistry notes I
find that it's just really easy to write
on earned it makes your notes so
aesthetically pleasing so I just went
through all of the stuff that we did in
today's lesson using the notes that my
teacher gave me next I wrote up some
notes on the Great Gatsby which I was
asked to finish for homework and we just
had to talk about when Tom breaks
Daisy's nerves mr. McKee and also the
dog and whether he symbolizes Myrtle or
Nick personally I think Nick but there
definitely is a lot of evidence to
support Myrtle
[Music]
lastly I annotated this poem by Sylvia
Plath she is one of my favorite poets
and so I found must be rather enjoyable
the reason that I did so little studying
this evening is because I actually
attended a debate in which two of my
closest friends were speaking and so I
didn't get home until about 7:30 and
didn't finish didn't start work until
8:00 so I worked until 10:00 but that
was only two hours of work thank you for
watching and have a productive week